com.xiaolian.mpaasdemo.BuildConfig
com.xiaolian.mpaasdemo.BuildConfig: boolean DEBUG
com.xiaolian.mpaasdemo.BuildConfig: java.lang.String APPLICATION_ID
com.xiaolian.mpaasdemo.BuildConfig: java.lang.String BUILD_TYPE
com.xiaolian.mpaasdemo.BuildConfig: java.lang.String FLAVOR
com.xiaolian.mpaasdemo.BuildConfig: int VERSION_CODE
com.xiaolian.mpaasdemo.BuildConfig: java.lang.String VERSION_NAME
com.xiaolian.mpaasdemo.BuildConfig: BuildConfig()
com.xiaolian.mpaasdemo.R
com.xiaolian.mpaasdemo.R: R()
com.xiaolian.mpaasdemo.R$attr
com.xiaolian.mpaasdemo.R$attr: R$attr()
com.xiaolian.mpaasdemo.R$color
com.xiaolian.mpaasdemo.R$color: int white_color
com.xiaolian.mpaasdemo.R$color: R$color()
com.xiaolian.mpaasdemo.R$drawable
com.xiaolian.mpaasdemo.R$drawable: int download_cancel_btn_selector
com.xiaolian.mpaasdemo.R$drawable: int download_cancel_normal
com.xiaolian.mpaasdemo.R$drawable: int download_cancel_press
com.xiaolian.mpaasdemo.R$drawable: int download_icon
com.xiaolian.mpaasdemo.R$drawable: int download_progress_horizontal
com.xiaolian.mpaasdemo.R$drawable: int yw_1222
com.xiaolian.mpaasdemo.R$drawable: R$drawable()
com.xiaolian.mpaasdemo.R$id
com.xiaolian.mpaasdemo.R$id: int about_process_icon
com.xiaolian.mpaasdemo.R$id: int download_process_bar
com.xiaolian.mpaasdemo.R$id: int download_process_title_txt
com.xiaolian.mpaasdemo.R$id: int progress_text
com.xiaolian.mpaasdemo.R$id: int promt
com.xiaolian.mpaasdemo.R$id: int relativeLayout1
com.xiaolian.mpaasdemo.R$id: int tv_init
com.xiaolian.mpaasdemo.R$id: int update_cancel_btn
com.xiaolian.mpaasdemo.R$id: R$id()
com.xiaolian.mpaasdemo.R$layout
com.xiaolian.mpaasdemo.R$layout: int download_progress
com.xiaolian.mpaasdemo.R$layout: int init
com.xiaolian.mpaasdemo.R$layout: R$layout()
com.xiaolian.mpaasdemo.R$mipmap
com.xiaolian.mpaasdemo.R$mipmap: int ic_launcher
com.xiaolian.mpaasdemo.R$mipmap: R$mipmap()
com.xiaolian.mpaasdemo.R$string
com.xiaolian.mpaasdemo.R$string: int app_name
com.xiaolian.mpaasdemo.R$string: R$string()
com.xiaolian.mpaasdemo.R$style
com.xiaolian.mpaasdemo.R$style: int AppThemeNew
com.xiaolian.mpaasdemo.R$style: int Download_ProgressBar_Horizontal
com.xiaolian.mpaasdemo.R$style: int Transparent
com.xiaolian.mpaasdemo.R$style: int TransparentNoAnimationTheme
com.xiaolian.mpaasdemo.R$style: int h5_transparent
com.xiaolian.mpaasdemo.R$style: int notify_progress
com.xiaolian.mpaasdemo.R$style: int notify_title
com.xiaolian.mpaasdemo.R$style: int share_select_dialog
com.xiaolian.mpaasdemo.R$style: int tablauncher_theme
com.xiaolian.mpaasdemo.R$style: R$style()
